Ishida...
Ishida!
Say something...
Kurosaki!
Ishida!
Rukia!
POST INVASION –
FORMER SQUAD 1 BARRACKS
Why aren't they shooting them down?
Are they just going to let them
into the Royal Palace?
Is this also...
part of your plan, Manako Osho?
POST INVASION – URBAN AREA
Oh, wow...
That was some ride.
It blew us and Santenkesshun away.
Hope you guys didn't bump
your head or anything...
Ichigo.
We're just as shocked as you are.
But this is Ishida
we're talking about.
He must've had a very good reason
to join their side.
Yeah, I know...
I knew it all along...
It's been on my mind
ever since this war began.
If this is a battle between
Soul Reapers and Quincies...
that would make me and Ishida...
But we've always
fought side by side.
Ishida is...
He's our friend.
Yeah!
I don't know if he feels
the same way, though.
In that case, we know
what we have to do.
Yeah.
We can't let him get away for
leaving us without an explanation.
Let's go after him and
hear what he has to say!
If his answers aren't good enough...
I'll smack him and drag him back!
And what if you agree
with his reasons?
Then that's that.
I'll still smack him
and drag him back!
Sounds good.
Yeah!
So how do we get to him?
– Huh?
– Huh?!
Whoops...
Looks like I got here
a bit too late.
Urahara...!
So, what now?
Shall I go book you a ticket
to the Royal Palace?
Please!
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything...
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
So, the Quincies weren't targeting
the Seireitei,
but rather the Royal Palace.
What are they up to?
Are you going to pursue them?
Even though we're not dead yet?
Where did Ichigo Kurosaki go?!
Captain...
Let me give you a hand.
We're not letting you get away...
you damn bastard...
Are you okay, Rukia?
Yes.
Thank you.
Did you feel that?
Yes...
So it wasn't my imagination.
Why, Ishida...?
What's this?!
You guys are pissed
at Uryu Ishida, too?
We're pissed at him, too!
If you want, I can give you
a hand to go and kill him!
What?
Stop talking nonsense,
chicken head!
– "Chicken"?
– We don't need your help
– Hold on, you bastard...
– to go smack him!
You're not talking about
this awesome razor-sharp
mohawk of mine, are you?!
What?
Don't you like chickens?
They get up early and lay eggs.
They're awesome.
That's what you are, right?
I respect that.
You are so dead!
I thought you'd have some taste
because of those cool
razor-sharp eyebrows...
But I guess I was wrong!
You're... a really nice guy!
Good for you.
It's too late now!
Burner Finger Four!
Whoa! Wait!
Wait, wait, stop!
You're not thinking of cutting down
an unarmed girl, are you?
That's so not cool!
I mean, doesn't that go against
your code as a man?
You guys are losers!
She's baiting us.
I know.
Careful.
The fact she's goading you
to cut her this much
means there's something about
the act of cutting her itself.
For example, getting sprayed with
her blood could be dangerous.
N-No, I don't think so...
Oh, but I don't think
you should cut me, though.
This is all a ruse.
While I'm at it, let me expose
more of your monkey business.
You said something about being
an "unarmed girl," but...
you're a guy, aren't you?
Huh?
I know you're trying to hide it.
But it's so obvious.
Bambi!
Who the hell are you?!
Sorry to keep you waiting, Bambi!
Come on...
Let's crush these guys!
Isn't anyone else here?
All of the captains and lieutenants
are still battling the Quincies...
so that you can get to
the Royal Palace, Kurosaki.
Okay!
Get in.
When did you manage to build
Kukaku's cannon
below the Squad 12 barracks?
Apparently, around the time
Squad Zero had descended.
Captain Kurotsuchi
foresaw this outcome
and started building
the base structure.
You mean he foresaw that
the enemy's boss and his men
would ascend to the Royal Palace?
Yup.
So, by the time I joined up,
all that was left was to
put on the finishing touches.
Wow...
That guy is pretty amazing.
I thought he was just a nut job...
Captain Kurotsuchi is a genius.
Second only to me, of course.
Anyway,
it's not an exact replica, though.
The Shiba Family's cannon is
a one-of-a-kind—
built using their family secret...
and cannot be easily replicated.
Our cannon will break down
after firing one shot.
Just one?!
Well, we just have to make sure
we don't fail on that one try.
The real problem is that we don't
have sufficient energy to fire it.
Then how are we going to fire it?
Good question.
It shouldn't be long now...
– Kisuke.
– Yes?
The guest you asked for is here.
She has returned from
her assignment.
Inform her to begin the next stage.
Oh, Yoruichi!
Welcome back.
How did it go, Yoruichi?
– Here.
– I knew I could count on you!
What are those?
These are the distortions that
the Quincies have been creating.
We began seeing these
shortly before
the Wandenreich
started their invasion.
– We're hereby forming
– Oh, it's Hiyori!
the "Fixing the Super
Pain-In-The-Butt Distortion
Between the World of the Living
and the Soul Society" crew!
This gaping hole is the distortion!
– Now that you mention it,
– The surrounding area
– that thing does look
– appears warped.
– pretty kinky.
– Yes.
– Cut it out.
– The distortion is acting
– There's nothing kinky about it.
– like a wedge.
– Even from this angle,
– It has disrupted the border
– I don't see it. – between the World
of the Living and the Soul Society,
causing the two worlds to connect.
What purpose would that serve?
Let's just say
we're still working to find out.
What we should be focusing
on right now
is the fact that this distortion...
is a massive concentration
of energy
powerful enough to connect
the two worlds.
Massive energy...
Is that what we're going to use
to fire the cannon?
Anticipating that
this might happen,
I had Yoruichi,
Hiyori and the others
collect the distortion energy.
This man worked us to the bone.
Well, shall we get started?
Let's get ready for a trip
to the Royal Palace!
What's the deal with that brat?!
She's throwing endless bombs at us!
No...
I don't think
that's what's happening.
How am I wrong?
Well, the projectiles themselves
aren't bombs.
I think they turn what they strike
into bombs.
Tomayto tomahto!
– No, it's not.
– Huh?
Because it means you can't deflect
those bullets with your Hozukimaru.
I see...
So, in other words...
Our only option is to cut her down
while dodging the projectiles!
You are so reckless!
Hado Number 57...
Daichitenyo!
Are you guys stupid?
Nothing you do
is going to kill her.
Bambi's already dead.
It wasn't easy, you know...
turning Bambi into a zombie.
I can't do it to Quincies
unless they're dead.
So I had to squeeze the life
out of her myself.
The look on Bambi's face...
it got me so excited.
You sick pervert...
On the other hand, it's much easier
with a Soul Reaper.
Even if you aren't dead,
simply splashing you with my blood...
turns you right into a zombie.
Which of you wants to be
a zombie first?
I see, I see...
The ability to turn an enemy
into a zombie, eh?
Now that is extremely interesting.
It's so bright,
I can barely see you.
Who are you?
Well, aren't you an ignorant one?
Don't you know great people
often appear to be shining?
Um, I wasn't asking why
you were shining.
BARRIERS OF THE ROYAL PALACE
CANNON UNDER THE SQUAD 12 BARRACKS
I can't see because it's so bright,
but that voice sounds
like Captain Kurotsuchi...
Even if you couldn't hear
his voice...
he's pretty much the only one
who would dress like that.
What's that?
You're saying
you're gonna protect me, Bambi?
Thanks!
I want it...
I want it, Gigi...
I want your...
Please...
I can't help it...
I can't take it anymore, Gigi...
I want it so bad...!
Aww, look at you...
So gross!
You want it so badly.
You're such an insatiable girl,
...aren't you, Bambi?!
You'll get your treat
when it's all over. Got it?
Y-Yes...
I'm sorry.
Please don't be angry.
Bambi don't want to be punished.
I'm sorry...
Nice.
Very nice.
What you have going there
is outstanding.
You're not shining anymore.
I toned down my greatness
so even an ordinary person
like you can see me.
You think I'm "ordinary" when you
just said I was "outstanding"?
Don't take it personally.
Compared to me,
everyone is ordinary.
Do it, Bambi.
Hmm...
The velocity of each of her bombs
appears to be roughly the same.
Nemu, prepare it.
Yes, sir.
You think we'd let you get away?!
What should I set it for?
Hmm, let's see...
Three seconds ought to do it.
They're not exploding?!
What just happened?
Why did it take so long for them
to become bombs?
Oh, it's extremely simple.
This is called
a Reishi Locking Device.
It halts the activity of Reishi
that it comes in contact with
for a preset amount of time.
It wasn't that they took
a long time to become bombs.
They became bombs upon impact.
The device simply paused
the effect for three seconds.
It's an extremely simple mechanism.
And with this simple mechanism,
I completely subdued
that zombie girl's attack.
Now the two of you can become
my lovely test subjects.
The two of us?
Which two are you referring to?
Those are...!
If you've been watching me,
you'd know
I've been creating zombies
from the moment I got here.
I recognize several faces.
Damn it...!
My, oh my, this is a problem.
They may be zombies,
but they were once members of
the Thirteen Court Guard Squads.
And I am basically
one big ball of love...
with a spinal cord growing from it.
I just don't have the heart
to fight them.
I have no other choice.
I'll need someone with
no attachments...
like these Arrancars,
to take care of the fight.
Hey...
I remember that guy.
We fought him once in
the World of the Living.
Yeah? Well, I swore...
I killed that guy before.
Hmm?!
Who's that fugly one down there?
Could it be...?
– Fugly?!
– Yu...
mi...
– Fugly?!
– chi...
Sorry, forgot the rest!
Oh, that's right...
I'm bad at remembering the names
of fugly people!
Fine...!
Then let me kill you again
so you'll remember!
Hey, hold on, Yumichika.
Don't be reckless!
Where's the niño?
I came because I was told
that the orange-haired niño
would be here!
And I came to see
that four-eyed Quincy!
To make him pay for
what he did to me!
Aw man, shut up!
We're alive again,
so we'll get our chance to
make good on our goals soon enough.
– What a hassle.
– How can you be so calm?!
We may be alive again,
but who knows when that madman
will change his mind
and try to kill us!
Who gave you permission
to yap away?
Not only are they durable,
but they scream with such vigor.
What a delight.
It was well worth
stealing you from
Szayelaporro's vault.
Not me, though.
Mwah!
I see...
You got yourself your own zombies.
So what?
You think you can beat my zombies...
with just your four zombies?
I'm being told I can't win,
but is that so?
You've got a lot of cheek, niña.
There is no way that...
...we'd lose to the Soul Reapers!
W-Wait!
Most of those guys
belong to Squad 11...!
So what?
That is a very
uncharacteristic remark to hear
from the infamous Squad 11.
In fact... to plead for the lives of
your men in this situation
is very unlike
the Thirteen Court Guard Squad.
"Protect the Seireitei."
Since when has the Court Guards
gone so soft?
"A squad member shall die
in the Court Guard."
"If one harms the Court Guard,
one shall take one's own life."
Those were the words of a man
you respected:
your former Head Captain.
There's no need to avoid
their blood.
That baldy was splashed
with blood earlier,
but he didn't become a zombie.
Well, we were dead to begin with.
I don't think anything will
happen to us, though, right?
I see.
Makes sense!
That means I can fight...
without any reservations!
Ai yai yai...
This has turned into a real mess.
Here, Bambi.
Put this back on.
So you're the one
who's fighting me?
Not the glowing guy over there?
Yes... My instincts
are telling me to fight you.
Because you and I
are very much alike.
How so?!
Bambi!
Oh, yeah...
I don't need to draw my sword
to deal with a baby like you.
Too bad you couldn't hit me.
Wrong!
My hand slipped!
Oh, you're still kicking, I see.
Since you're a zombie,
does that mean you won't die
unless I turn you into dust?
Special Kill!
Beautiful Charlotte Chuhlhourne's
Final Holy
Wonderful Pretty Super Magnum
Sexy Sexy Glamorous Cero Revived!
Wow... He's strong.
Looks like Bambi
is no match for him...
Fine...
You can come out now!
Mr. Captain!
I see...
This may be troublesome...
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll
"Over and over again,
an empty life."